Thank goodness you're all here.
I came to the Reactor Room
to find Red.
but instead I found death.
The paperwork never ends.
Orange! Freeze!
Uh. because you're about
to step in some bloodle.
Uh. we wouldn't want you
to take a tumble.
What a fumble.
Thank you. Red.
I would hate to have
to explain to myself
why I don't qualify
for workers' comp.
Wouldn't that be a hassle?
Yeah.
Uh. Red. is your visor cracked?
- We all saw that Orange...
-Was Lucky Lime
spontaneously combusted
before Orange could
become the next victim.
Uh. how about some pizza
to celebrate your not-death?
In fact. I think we should
all go to the cafeteria.
Agreed.
We should all decompress
with some pizza.
I know I'm feeling
very compressed.
Orange. how'd you like
a classic cheese pizza?
Perfect! Except
no cheese. no sauce.
no salt and no baking it.
-So. just raw dough?
-Exactly.
Delicious.
I'm lucky I didn't arrive
a moment sooner.
I suspect Lime's
horrifying makeshift weapon
backfired and killed them.
Well. you know what MIRA says:
only use
- MIRA-approved munitions.
-MIRA-approved
munitions.
-Oh. you just send me.
-Yep. yep. yep.
I'll have to
write that one down.
- Oh. no.
-Whoa.
Lime's entrails got
all over my favorite pen.
What a shame.
Oh...
Ugh. that's morbid. even for me.
Hmm. Stinky. stinky.
Smells like
the trash chute is clogged.
Orange. will you come
check it out with me?
Oh. but I just scrubbed
the trash chute.
Epic tasking. Green.
Yeah. awesome.
I still can't believe
Lime's dead.
I wish we had something to help
process and rebuild trust.
Yeah. something like
a trust ball.
Huh? A ball? Huh? Huh?
Uh... Oh.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Orange. I do see something.
Oop. there's a trust ball
down there.
Oh. no. Trust balls
are so important.
And expensive.
Aren't all the trust balls
plugging the hole
in the hole in the storage room?
We're trying to do
something here.
Shh! Get on our frequency.
Uh. all except this trust ball.
Oh. drat.
I can't reach it
without doing something
super cool but dangerous.
That sounds like a liability.
Do not fear.
I will get this extremely
important piece of HR equipment.
Almost got it.
Okay. d-d-don't worry.
I'm on the case.
Oh. dear!
What do we do now?
Oopsie-doopsie!
I fell when Red
accidentally pushed me
with the full force
of their entire body.
-That was on purpose.
-Oh.
As captain. I say
we should kill Orange.
Uh. probably.
Uh. shouldn't we?
Orange is a crewmate-murdering
alien imposter.
We should definitely kill them.
B-But it still sounds
like our friend Orange.
What if there's a piece of the
real Orange inside that alien?
Maybe it's like a cellular
duplicate of Orange.
all the way down
to the memories.
but slightly more evil.
Who cares?
We have to kill Orange
or Orange will kill us.
We should open the trash chute
and launch them into space.
Purple. shut up.
Clearly. we should
open the trash chute
and launch Orange into space.
But are we. like.
for sure for sure
Orange is gonna
keep killing crewmates?
Orange? Are you gonna
Yeah.
What was that?
I said yeah!
And there's your answer.
Okay. I'm calling it.
Let's eject that alien scum.
Fun reminder:
per MIRA. you are required
to take a group vote
before ejecting any crewmates
into the endless abyss of space.
I can't authorize my death
until I hear a vote.
-Punch it!
-Do it!
Even in a crisis.
I do everything
by the MIRA code.
All those in favor of ejecting
Orange. the alien imposter
from which I am single-handedly
saving you from.
- say "aye."
-Aye.
Congratulations on
a successful ejection vo...
-Ugh.
-Ugh. yucky.
Aha.
That's the pink gooey stuff
that was on both
White and Blue's bodies.
The pink goop
is proof that Orange
was the killer
of all the crewmates.
I solved the mysterious murders!
-Yay.
-It's party time.
Yay!
Well. except for you. Green.
You go clean up Lime's body.
But...
Aye aye. Captain.
When I'm captain.
I won't make anyone
clean up the dead bodies.
Oh. I'm the best.
Ooh. should we get
our party suits on?
I only have one suit.
Fast fashion is a plague
of conspicuous consumption.
Yes. Time to get spiffy.
And that's an order.
Ugh.
- Sorry.
-Oh. didn't see you
there. buddy.
Locked up Lime's weird weapon
where no one'll find it.
Hey. thanks for the assist
back there with Orange.
Overall. it was a... good plan.
Credit where credit is due.
I guess.
Purps and Redsie back together.
Uh. well. I mean.
it would be Redsie and Purps.
I mean. I'm the captain. so.
obviously. my name
would go first.
For once. could you take
your head out of your own...
You know what? It's fine.
Yeah. it is fine.
♪ And the Skeld rides on.
crew-mbaya.♪
Join us.
Hey. w-w-wh...
Check it out. I drew Blue.
Blue is so great.
I love Blue's torso.
Mm. I love Blue's bottom.
Don't let HR hear you
say that.
But they're dead. so they can't.
Wow. their blue skin
is so lifelike.
But... Blue is dead.
White. Lime. Orange and Blue
are dead.
This is sad.
This is bad sad.
Hey! None of that.
Good vibes only.
Trust fall. Whee!
Why didn't it work?
Are we not trusting
each other hard enough?
I can trust harder.
Added weight. both societal
and physical.
is holding us back
from reaching pure unity.
We must free ourselves.
Oh. my gosh.
Ooh.
Oh. my...
Hey. everybody.
Uh-oh. where's the hand going?
Eh? Eh? What's back there?
Allow me.
We're gonna live forever!
Forever!
Whoa!
Oh... I need to move my body!
-Uh-huh!
-I feel euphoric.
I feel euphoric.
I feel like a worm.
Eh? Eh? Nice moves. Purps.
Not too bad
yourself. Redsie.
So what are vibes. exactly?
Vibes are an emotional frequency
created and received
like a two-way radio
between two mates' souls.
Now. that's deep.
Conga line!
Hey. Wouldn't it be weird
if we had. like.
long tubey things
connecting our hands
to our bodies?
What are you even
saying right now?
Hey. this is what I do--
I theorize.
I see our layers.
Like layers of strata
in sedimentary rocks.
You know what?
You rock.
You rock. And you rock.
And you...
We all rock.
-Aw.
-We do?
Yeah. we do.
Am I a rock?
You know what? We all rock.
Do you think
fishmates are flying
but. like. in the water?
Pur-Purp-Purple. You should
introduce everyone to your
best-t-t-t-t-t friend.
My best-t-t-t friend
loves friends!
Come on. mates.
Come on. let's come on.
Let's just go. let's come on
to the Oxygen Room.
Yep. right behind you. buddy.
We should get undressed again.
I'm gonna go straight
and then I'm gonna make a right.
But then I'm gonna be in it.
I'm gonna be in it.
I'm gonna be right in it.
Ooh. okay. steady there.
Heracles! No...
...o!
Hypoxia symptoms?
Loss of judgement.
Trust fall. Whee!
Oof.
Why didn't it work?
Euphoria.
I feel euphoric.
Blue skin.
Wow. their blue skin
is so lifelike.
But Blue is dead.
Dead. Dead.
We all have
hypo... hy... poxy.
No air!
Come on. Come on.
Snap out of it.
One. two. three. four. five.
What? One. two. three.
four. five.
Damn it! Why isn't it working?
I put in the code.
What?
Why is it a two-keypad fix?
What kind of sicko writes
on the back of a sticky note?!
Oh. no. The others.
I have to warn them.
Oh...
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Keybot. Keybot. Keybot. Keybot.
Chirp.